README.md, before:

<br>
<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/slidevjs/slidev" target="_blank">
<img src="https://github.com/slidevjs/slidev/blob/main/assets/logo-for-vscode.png?raw=true" alt="Slidev" width="350"/>
</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
Presentation <b>slide</b>s for <b>dev</b>elopers<br>
<sup><del>who uses VS Code 🤣</del></sup>
</p>


<p align="center">
<a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=antfu.slidev" target="__blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/antfu.slidev.svg?color=4EC5D4&amp;label=VS%20Code%20Marketplace&logo=visual-studio-code" alt="Visual Studio Marketplace Version" /></a>
<a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=antfu.slidev" target="__blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/d/antfu.slidev.svg?color=2B90B6" alt="Visual Studio Marketplace Downloads" /></a>
</p>

<br>

**Status**: Preview

### Features

- View slides in the side panel
- Go to next / prev buttons
- Re-ordering slides
- Folding for slide blocks
- Convert Markdown to HTML

<img width="974" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11247099/116809994-cc2caa00-ab73-11eb-879f-60585747c3c9.png">

## Sponsors

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://antfu.me/sponsor">
    <img src='https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/antfu/static/sponsors.png'/>
  </a>
</p>

## License

MIT License © 2021 [Anthony Fu](https://github.com/antfu)

Commit message:

Added installation and usage info

README.md, after:

<br>
<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/slidevjs/slidev" target="_blank">
<img src="https://github.com/slidevjs/slidev/blob/main/assets/logo-for-vscode.png?raw=true" alt="Slidev" width="350"/>
</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
Presentation <b>slide</b>s for <b>dev</b>elopers<br>
<sup><del>who uses VS Code 🤣</del></sup>
</p>


<p align="center">
<a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=antfu.slidev" target="__blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/antfu.slidev.svg?color=4EC5D4&amp;label=VS%20Code%20Marketplace&logo=visual-studio-code" alt="Visual Studio Marketplace Version" /></a>
<a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=antfu.slidev" target="__blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/d/antfu.slidev.svg?color=2B90B6" alt="Visual Studio Marketplace Downloads" /></a>
</p>

<br>

**Status**: Preview

## Features

- View slides in the side panel
- Go to next / prev buttons
- Re-ordering slides
- Folding for slide blocks
- Convert Markdown to HTML

<img width="974" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11247099/116809994-cc2caa00-ab73-11eb-879f-60585747c3c9.png">

## Installation

1. Open VS Code
2. Select _Extensions_ in the left vertical toolbar
3. Search for `slidev`
4. Click on _Install_

## Usage

1. Open Command Palette
2. Search for `slidev`
3. Select `View: Show Slidev`
4. Open a Slidev Markdown file

## Sponsors

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://antfu.me/sponsor">
    <img src='https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/antfu/static/sponsors.png'/>
  </a>
</p>

## License

MIT License © 2021 [Anthony Fu](https://github.com/antfu)
